♪ I've been sleeping around ♪
♪ This hungry town ♪
♪ Trying to find myself again ♪
♪ Just trying to find myself
again ♪
♪ Like I always should ♪
♪ ♪
Ava, you're gonna be
a massive cabaret star.
Let's not get ahead
of ourselves, guys.
This--this guy could be
total bullshit, honey.
I mean, he might just be
trying to get laid.
So it's not my voice,
it's my ass?
No, I'm--I'm--
that's not what I'm saying.
He's just worried...
And jealous.
(laughter)
No, no, I'm not; I'm just
looking out for my girl.
This could be big
for you, Ava.
Oh, man, you're gonna get
a shitload of attention.
Yeah, lead singer's
the center of attention.
Yeah, everybody wants to bang
the lead singer.
You remember those days,
Johnny.
-Yes, I do.
-Hey, man,
lead singers get laid.
Jagger doesn't have
a sell-by date.
Mm, sexy till
the day he dies.
Every girl on earth
wants to do him.
Hey, if we ever get married,
I get a "free to (...)
Mick Jagger" card.
(laughs)
I want to hump Joe Perry's hair.
I'm getting a serious
Bonnie Raitt vibe
from Joe Perry these days.
Uh, I'm getting some hot
Bonnie Raitt vibes
from Steven Tyler.
Would you do Steven Tyler?
Dude looks like a lesbian
middle-aged lady.
Plus, think how great he'd be
at picking out scarves.
I don't know,
I feel like both of those guys
are one turquoise bracelet away
from shopping at
Ann Taylor Loft.
Where they run into
Keith Richards
in the hair accessories
section.
Hey, what about
Paul McCartney?
-No.
-Boo.
-I call him "Carol."
-Why?
'Cause he looks like
somebody's grand-aunt.
-Oh.
-(laughs)
Hey, I'd like to do
Taylor Swift,
but just once,
then never call her
and see if she writes
a song about me.
Oh, she'll write a song
about you.
Then she'll pull an Adele
and she'll write an entire
revenge album about you.
Yeah, then she would buy
the apartment next to yours
and leave you
some warm snickerdoodles
on your front step
salted with her own lanky tears.
-Could be a turn-on.
-Good.
Well, then it's your adorable
funeral, baby.
♪ Sex and drugs
and rock and roll ♪
♪ All right ♪
♪ ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't want to die ♪
♪ Anonymous ♪
♪ No, no ♪
♪ ♪
(whispers)
Babe.
-Hmm?
-You asleep?
No.
Am I too young for you?
Wha--
No. Why you asking me that?
You sure you don't wish
you were with somebody
closer to your own age,
or somebody with more
experience than me in bed?
Don't be silly.
You're perfect for me.
We're perfect for each other
in or out of bed.
(whispers)
Good answer.
What's this?
It's something
that made me think of you
and our kissing calamities.
-Holy shit.
-Do you like it?
I love it.
You're my Mick Jagger.
You're my Ava Gardner.
You know, Kate Beckinsale
in The Aviator.
Ah, it's just an old
Scorsese movie.
Aw.
I like old movies.
(sighs)
-Is it your birthday?
-Nope.
-Then why'd she give it to you?
-Trying to figure that out.
-It's got diamonds in it.
-And rubies.
What do rubies mean
as, like, a gem?
I googled it.
Commitment.
-Shit. Really?
-I know.
God damn it. There's a ton
of goddamn rubies in it.
FLASH: The whole goddamn
thing's rubies.
(laughs)
You--maybe we're
overthinking it.
Oh, yeah, right.
You heard that marriage crack
she made yesterday.
Look at this.
Remember Phil Tessla?
Just like Mickey,
he dropped dead last night,
but not famous enough
to get his name
to headline his own obituary.
That's gonna be me, man,
'cause I'm never gonna be more
famous than I am right now.
I ain't gettin' any younger.
She gives me this pin
to step up our relationship
to the next level.
So I'm thinking
maybe it's time.
I mean, what the hell
am I waiting for?
I'm gonna meet a girl that's
more suited to my tastes
looks-wise
and age-wise?
No.
Well, I mean,
you could troll
a few local high schools
and colleges.
Funny.
I know you think
I'm too old for her.
You know what? I actually
don't think that anymore.
Oh, since when?
Since I evolved.
I'm changing, okay?
-Oh, you've evolved?
-Yeah. I'm evolving.
I mean, have you not noticed
my new threads?
Yeah, I've noticed that
you're dressing like me.
I'm not dressing like you,
okay?
Ava got me these clothes.
I'm--I'm dressing like this
to make Ava happy.
Okay, that's what
I'm focusing on, all right?
You should be focusing
on that too
because if you put a smile
on Gigi's face,
that puts a smile
on Ava's face,
and that makes my life
a hell of a lot easier.
Oh, okay,
so it is still about you?
No, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no.
It's all about you
taking care of Gigi.
But don't do anything insane
because this is not the most
famous you're gonna be.
When she gets famous,
which she will
because she's beautiful
and talented and ambitious,
you're gonna get more famous
for being her guitar player,
and I'm gonna get famous
for being her songwriting dad.
Okay?
So hold out a little bit longer
and there'll be, like, a gaggle
of 23-year-old girls
just dying to buy
whatever you have to sell.
But not too long, 'cause, you
know, your hair is disappearing.
Dude, is there something
wrong with you?
What do you mean?
How can you talk about
your daughter like that?
-Like what?
-Like she's a record deal.
-That's not what I said.
-Oh, yeah, it is.
And listen, number one, my
hair's not receding that fast.
Number two, the gray makes it
look a little wispy.
-Okay.
-Number three,
Gigi's happiness
is my main concern
so when we have lunch today
with that cabaret producer,
see if you can keep "evolving."
I know how to use a napkin,
asshole.
You know how
to keep your yap shut
and let Ava do all the talking?
Ooh.
I can almost hear
your DNA imploding
right now.
My DNA is not--
this is my (...) you,
Flash face.
That's what this face is.
From the first time
I saw The Heathens live,
I swear to God,
I was a huge fan.
It was the--
it was the Ritz in '92.
Man, I thought you guys
were gonna win
the Best New Artist Grammy
that year
and the MTV Moonman
and an AMA.
Shit, I thought you guys were
gonna sweep the whole thing.
Yeah, no, they broke up
before the nominations came out.
Who did end up winning
the Grammy that year?
Marc Cohn.
With this--this crappy,
little piano ballad
about Elvis' ghost
or some shit.
"Walking in Memphis."
-Yeah.
-Yeah. Yeah.
I won a producing Grammy
that night too,
so that song has a--it has
a special place in my heart.
Marc, you know, he ended up
being a one-hit wonder,
it happens,
but you guys, man,
I thought you guys
had staying power.
I always wondered what happened
after you broke up.
Well, I, you know, wanted
to do something that was more
purely my own vision.
So I-I started this band called
The Johnny Rock Show,
you probably heard about them.
Very highly acclaimed--
I-I remember
The Johnny Rock show.
I meant what happened
with you, Ava?
You had such charisma.
And your eyes--holy shit.
I could never stop staring at
you when you were on stage.
I just--I kept waiting for you
to do your own thing.
-Well, I--
-Well, she was kind of tenta--
you felt tentative
about stepping out front,
right, honey?
No, no.
I wouldn't say tentative.
I would say more stuck
in the background.
Yeah, she crushed it
with me last week.
That's the video
I showed you.
-Her voice is better than ever.
-I know, right?
It's even sexier now.
It's--it's deeper. I--man--
I-I'm in love with your tone.
Oh, thank you, Brook.
Let me cut right
to the point here.
I am bringing cabaret
to Brooklyn.
I think there's a market here
for upscale, yet edgy live music
in a theatrical setting.
Debbie Harry is my opening
weekend headliner.
The following Wednesday
and Thursday
would be you, Ava X.
Me and Debbie Harry?
-(laughs)
-That's right.
Think you can handle it?
-Well, yeah, I think I--
-You know what?
I-I can handle it.
I'll--I'll be
your music director.
I'll pick out the songs.
We'll make the set list.
Come up with a title
and all that stuff
that we're gonna need.
You just worry about singing
and I'll handle
everything else.
Except the check.
We, uh--we have
an old-standing rule:
Grammy winner
picks up the check.
-Five-time Grammy winner.
-Sorry?
You won five Grammys?
I did. Yeah.
No, well, six, actually.
I keep forgetting about
the Michael J. Fox audiobook.
And those count?
I don't know.
♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey ♪
(humming indistinctly)
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪
I find that coloring
focuses the mind
on forgiveness.
(sighs)
It's peaceful, cleansing.
Transforms the sin-addled
adult soul
into that of
an innocent child.
Okay.
The unicorn's mane may be
the most important piece
of the picture.
What color should it be?
Atomic Tangerine
or Unmellow Yellow?
Razzle-dazzle Rose.
Right here.
Niece, two nephews.
Yeah, Purple Pizzazz, too busy.
And it's not really purple,
if you ask me.
Purple Pizzazz is hot magenta
on some strange violet mission.
Yeah. Trying to steal
Razzle-dazzle Rose's thunder.
What's your favorite shade
of purple, Mr. Silverstein?
Puce.
Puce is a...
very angry color.
Well, it depends on
how you say it.
Puce.
Are you saying when I say it,
I say it angry?
Yes.
Puce.
-Puce.
Like me.
Puce.
You're kind of only
saying it lower and slower.
Puce.
-Puce.
-Puce?
Relax your larynx a little.
Just, like, let it
fly out of you.
You know, puce.
Puce?
Still sounds mad.
-Puce.
-(...) puce!
"Puce" sounds like "puke."
Not even in the (...)
purple family.
It's a little maggot color.
Doesn't have the balls
to be pink.
The courage to be (...) purple.
Puce is a pussy.
"Pussy Puce," that should be
the Crayola name.
There will be no puce
in the show.
(exhales slowly)
Can I ask you a question?
Color question?
No, this is a show question.
Uh, do you sing?
Well, I've done some
Shakespeare--13 productions--
and what is Shakespeare,
if not singing?
What is "Hamlet" three times,
if not pure music?
You never heard
my Haagen-Dazs commercials?
Mesmerizing.
I've seen them.
You had me hooked on
Vanilla Swiss Almond
for two and a half
delicious years.
(laughs)
So you're gonna talk/sing
29 of my songs
about the potato famine?
No.
No, I'm gonna talk/sing
five of your songs.
I'm dropping 24 of them
and bringing in a new young
composer because I want to rap.
Rap?
What, like, hip-hop rap?
I want to rap
the Irish famine
into the minds of upcoming
generations.
I want to drop some rhymes
on young Irish minds.
Drop the top on the spot
where the English
dropped dimes.
Kill the chill on the hill
where my tribe's blood
was spilt.
Hit the kit on the kettle
where the battle be settled.
This is it, bro,
let the blood flow.
Take the bit, bitch.
Hit the hot Celtic switch.
Uh, uh-uh.
Whoo!
What?
D--dude.
That was amazing, Campbell.
Thanks, man.
-W--can I say "Campbell"?
-Yeah.
What--dude.
I'm working a heavy
Kendrick vibe,
like, 24/7 these days.
Uh, my show is not
some crappy rap thing, man.
It is a song cycle.
It's my show.
You gave over the rights
to my company
when you signed the contract,
Mr. Silverstein.
And my show is gonna feast on
"Hamilton's" testicles.
My show is gonna make
America forget
about Ha-ha-Hamilton.
My show will be referred to
as "Familton."
Your subject is powerful,
but your songs are out of date
and atonal.
The real genius
is this man's drumming.
That was the best thing about
those 29 tracks.
I want wall-to-wall percussion
in "Feast."
I want ancient Celtic
tribal drums--
bodhrán meets--
I don't know--
the beats of Dr. (...) Dre.
Yeah, that's--
that's genius, man.
Right?
Smashing it.
-Punching it. Popping it.
-Yeah.
Look, Campbell,
I was willing to collaborate...
but I mean, I have got to
draw the line
at having a 54-year-old
white guy...
51.
REHAB:
Standing on stage rapping.
It's not cool!
I mean, it's not Celtic.
-I got news for you, my friend.
-What?
I am the American theater
Celtic barometer of cool.
By the time I get finished
with "Feast,"
people are gonna be begging me
to autograph
their (...) potatoes.
Well, then you can sign
potatoes by yourself, man.
You may have the right
to destroy my masterwork,
Mr. Scott,
but we have the right
to walk away.
Come on, Bam.
Um...
I, uh...
I'm staying with Campbell.
REHAB: (sighs)
Well, then,
I'm taking my name
off of his show.
What color should
the wings be?
Not puce.
All right,
so listen, girls.
Listen.
Hey.
(indistinct chatter)
I've got the idea for the--
Hey. Shh.
Hey.
Guys, listen.
Great idea for the opening tune.
"Bang a Gong," T-Rex,
honey, that's one of your
favorite songs ever recorded,
okay, plus it's got
a sexy groove.
I've never seen a chick
cover it,
but it also gives us
the title of our show:
Ava X Hubcap,
Diamond Star, Halo.
Yawn.
No.
My foot literally just fell
asleep as you were saying it.
Same song, better title--
"Get It On."
AVA: "Get It On."
-Right?
-It's awesome.
Oh, my God. "Get It On."
If I see a poster with her
silhouette in stiletto heels,
that says "Ava X Get It On,"
I'm showing up, not to mention
every penis in Brooklyn.
Okay, but "Get It On's"
not classy.
"Hubcap, Diamond Star,
Halo," that's classy.
We don't need a classy title,
okay?
I'm classy.
We need asses in the seats.
And some really killer shoes.
-Absolutely.
-For sure.
GIGI: "Get It On" is the title,
but you don't open
with that song, okay,
you close with it, because when
people hear "Get It On,"
they're gonna thing
"Bang a Gong."
So subconsciously
they're gonna be begging for it.
So we make them wait
and then we give it to them
at the end, make them orgasm.
Okay, so let me just
get this straight.
Um, I've got 32 years
of show business experience,
but you're gonna tell me
how to put a set together?
-Yes. I am.
-Okay.
Okay, we open with
an original tune
so we can establish original
ground right up front.
You know, something
with a sexy groove.
-Yes.
-Okay, honey,
who's the musical director here?
-I am.
-Gigi is.
You're just the piano player,
honey.
-Since when?
-Since the cab ride home.
I was in the cab, okay,
and I was talking to you guys
about, you know,
who I was gonna hire
for the horn section,
and you guys
weren't even listening.
You were both just sitting
there, texting.
Yes, each other,
making really big decisions.
W-why is she in charge?
Because I'm the only member of
the band that's not on stage,
plus, I have great ideas,
great perspective.
Well, "Bang a Gong"
was my idea.
Yeah, which I just
made better.
It's a collaboration, Dad.
That's what I'm saying.
I want to collaborate--
me and you.
Me and Ava,
but you shouldn't worry
about that.
You should just be worrying
about your piano chops.
What's wrong with
my piano chops?
-Nothing.
-And so for sure on the belt.
-I like the first one.
AVA: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I do too.
I do too.
(rock music)
♪ ♪
♪ Oh, baby, watch your step ♪
♪ If you're gonna dress
like that ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Oh, baby, watch your step ♪
♪ If you're gonna dress
like that ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Ow ♪
♪ The colors and the shapes ♪
♪ Oh, you're painting pattern
brown ♪
♪ ♪
(cheering)
-Very nice.
-All right.
-Whoo!
-Nice.
-Way to go, hon.
-Thanks, guys.
-That was awesome.
-Yeah, you too, man.
(clears throat)
Dad.
-Yeah?
-You want to walk out together?
I want to discuss
some of the songs.
Oh, okay. Great.
Hope you guys are whispering
about coming in earlier
on the second verse over there.
Don't have to come in earlier
if you ain't ham-fisting
them keys, kid.
Yeah, you got heavy fingers.
-And happy mother(...) feet.
-Uh-huh.
Always did.
You got no nuance.
Try listening to us,
'cause we're listening
to the lead singer.
Slow the heck down, man.
Yeah, or you guys
could just come in earlier
on the second verse.
Thanks for the advice, boys.
I oughta kick his (...) ass.
Ah. What's up?
-Why are you acting like this?
-Like what?
You're being awful.
You're acting like a--
like a yappy,
loudmouth, insecure
little douche,
which I know is normal for you,
but my God,
it's like you turned the volume
on the bitch knob up to 11.
Yeah, okay.
Why can't you be happy
for Ava?
I am happy for Ava.
I'm just--
-No, you're not.
-Yeah, I'm just concerned.
You know, I don't want her
to get hurt
-or upset.
-Or famous.
Oh, honey,
she's not gonna get famous.
-This is one goddamn gig.
-What if she does?
What if she does?
What if something happens
and she becomes
kind of well-known?
-What then?
-I--
God, if you get this jealous
and agitated over one gig
of Ava's what is gonna happen
if I make it?
Honey, I'm, like,
your biggest fan.
Nobody wants you to make it
more than me.
But then why can't you be
Ava's biggest fan?
What are you afraid of?
I'm not afraid of anything.
You're afraid she might
leave you.
Oh, yeah, like
she's gonna leave me.
Honey, you have to understand
something, okay,
we're soul mates, all right.
We're attached at the hip.
Together forever.
She's never gonna leave me.
(scoffs)
W-why, did she say
something about... leaving?
What did she say?
(sighs)
Well, we had a long talk
about leaving.
And?
And she's not leaving,
you are.
What do you mean?
You're fired, Dad.
Fired from what?
You're fired from the band.
You're fired from Ava X.
-Says who?
-Says Ava.
Says me.
Says Ruck. Says Bam Bam.
Says everybody,
but especially me.
Okay, that's bullshit.
Why didn't Ava tell me?
'Cause she's completely
overwhelmed by you.
She feels like you're trying
to subconsciously sabotage her.
I'm not trying to--
We know you have heavy
fingers, but (...), Dad.
You're like an anchor
just weighing her down.
It's such a drag
and everybody feels it.
I'm sorry to say this, but
if you have any song ideas,
if you have any suggestions,
you have to go through me first.
Honey--
I don't want you
on stage with her.
You're messing her up.
You're bringing her down.
You are never stepping foot
on that stage, ever.
Okay, I'm not--
I'm not--
Shh!
Listen.
If you have any brains left,
you will go home,
you will apologize to her,
okay,
and you will agree
to step elegantly aside
while she has her time
in the spotlight.
She'll love you for it.
(scoffs)
I want a bagel.
Hey, what the (...)?
Don't want to discuss it,
John.
You don't want to discuss it?
You fire me from the band
without telling me
and you don't want to
discuss it?
We're gonna discuss the shit
out of it right now.
Do not get in that bed, Ava.
We are gonna--
Ava.
Okay.
All right.
Now listen to me.
Do not pick up that--
Don't open that iPad.
Honey.
(growls)
Okay.
I know I'm controlling
and I probably express myself
the wrong way sometimes,
but what I'm trying to say,
honey, is,
I have the same interest here
that you do.
I-I have your best interest
at heart.
What's best for me, John,
is to not have you sitting
behind me on opening night.
-Why?
-Because.
-That's it?
-Yeah.
That's it.
"Because."
Because I have enough
to worry about, okay?
How I sound, how I look, what
the audience is thinking of me,
how to keep my hands
from shaking.
This is not about you this time.
This is about me.
But that's what I'm saying.
We're saying the same thing.
Honey.
I want to be there for
precisely those reasons, okay.
I want to be there in case
you have a panic attack
or you get anxious.
All you have to do
is look over at me
and there I am to support you,
to help you breathe, okay.
I'm--I want to be
your safety net.
Okay, in case you fall apart,
I'm there to put the pieces
back together again.
But what if I don't
fall apart?
What if?
What if I'm great?
But what if you're not?
-Oh, you stupid...
-Ow! Jeez!
Son of a bitch!
You've been doing this
all week, John,
mind (...)ing me into failing.
-Get out!
-That hurt.
I don't care. Get out!
(sighs)
-♪ Yo ♪
-♪ My great grandmama ♪
♪ Ain't a slave ♪
♪ My great, great, great, great
grandmother wasn't a maid ♪
♪ I think that we are just
made of the same thing ♪
♪ Keeping it together,
got the brain in the membrane ♪
♪ Tickedy tick, tick ♪
♪ That keeps you sane ♪
♪ ♪
(typewriter clacking)
(bell dings)